I made fun of my sister
and I got caught
what's going on everyone if this is your
first time landing on one of my videos
please know that this video is very
unique very different than most of the
video content I put out there
so before you judge my channel check out
some of the other video content because
it's my goal to help make you a more
impactful Communicator a better public
speaker if you're in the Toastmasters
program I have a lot of content to help
you out with that program specifically
that is the majority of my video content
on YouTube
but this video is a lot different let me
explain first off I have an amazing
sister she is an incredible human being
she's always been so supportive of me
and everything that I take on she is
funny she is smart she is one of the
most patient humans I know
she's an incredible person
but the only other time I've talked
about my sister on this channel it did
not put her in such a good light a few
weeks ago I posted a video about how to
take on the humorous role at your local
Toastmasters Club and I wanted to show a
live example of me taking on the role at
my Toastmasters Club so I brought in my
camera and I filmed that humorous role
and within that role because I've always
believed personal stories are a little
bit better for getting laughs than
pre-canned material or jokes that you
find online somebody else's jokes
typically that doesn't work as well but
stories
especially personal stories
often do much better so this was the
example I wanted to give because I had a
funny story
but it came at the expense of my sister
now the story I told isn't a recent one
it's from 20 years ago when we were much
much younger on a family vacation but
nonetheless
it poked fun of my sister I did not have
consent to use this video I put it out
there I put it on YouTube
and then I got a text message
which had one word
and it said unsubscribed and it had a
little smiley face behind it and I knew
at that moment that my sister had seen
this video I don't know what I was
thinking perhaps that there's no chance
my family or friends would see that
content because I put out so many videos
that there's very low probability
they're watching all of the content I
put out but I was wrong my sister and
also my brother-in-law who's an amazing
person they are supporters of what I do
they always have been and she was aware
of this video and the fact that she even
was aware of the video shows how amazing
of a person she is that she's willing to
watch all of my content or a good chunk
of the content that I put out there so
here it is
Shauna I'm sorry I should not have put
that video out with your consent
I'm going to leave it there because it's
a good example of how the humorous role
should be done but now I want to talk to
everyone else other than my sister
please know my sister is one of the most
incredible people in the world that
story is not a representation of her and
by the way she's fine with the story she
thought it was funny she laughed it up
she's not actually upset but I felt this
video was necessary to set the record
straight my sister is an amazing human
being and I owe it to her to tell more
stories in my Toastmasters Club that put
her in a good light rather than poking
fun of her as I mentioned this
particular video is a unique one most of
my videos are not like this but I
figured I needed to give a dedicated
special video that was just for my
sister and for all of you to know how
incredible of a person she is a public
apology
I'll see you on the next one